Today, the object of our attention has become
budget smartphone from rim
smartphone is made in the best traditions
companies look similar to the previous one
models on the side we see the familiar keys
rewind and pause
as well as a shortcut key to
camera on the other hand
accommodate micro usb connector and familiar
many key of which we will talk
LED is located behind the back later
flash and 3 megapixel camera snapshots
which is enough
quite good and bright and colorful
below the speaker is located above
standard headphone jack 35
millimeters and screen lock key
the name of the course model speaks for
the smartphone itself has a slightly curved
the form thanks to what easily lays down in
a hand
if you compare previous
or 9360 can be seen as similar and
various features
general view kept back cover true
9320 it has a more curved shape for
account that the smartphone turned out a little bit
thicker than previous model
If you look at the width and length
smartphones are the same as for
controls they are practically
identical volume keys
and the camera is the same only
the difference is having a baby key which
in 9360 is missing
the key
developers lessons slightly modified
qwerty keyboard has exactly the same
form the only difference is
functional 4 keys which
located on the side of the trackpad they
remind bold 9790 on which we
saw exactly the same keys
optical trackpad customizable
completely 20 you can adjust
its sensitivity 9320 has been cut down
camera capabilities unlike 9360
which was 5 megapixels here we are
saw three and two megapixels which
enough for doing more
lower quality video shooting function
image stabilization in this help
smartphone has full integration with
social networks so everything
photos and videos you can instantly
send any social network and share
impressions with friends
[music]
[applause]
unique fluid graphics technology
make all the images and movements on
your screen
smooth and flowing another pleasant
trait updated vas
Sep 1 has become a faster browser which
also allows you to view the video
directly from the page so
surf on the internet has become even
nicer from the default programs on
phone are customers major
social networks
as well as standard blender programs
namely about the hordes from which you can download
whole program and applications blackberry
protect
and blackberry messenger for convenient
communication between two smartphones
blackberry
comes with a micro usb phone cable
headset charger and
an adapter for European sockets and
also instruction and CD from